Father, please don’t even punish me.
You are taking care of you in the message,
Just listen to it and you will die,
My people will come in soon,
I took two routes today,
I also want my people, no matter who I kill,
I have already called the police,
I have recorded all your conversations,
As long as you dare to touch me, I will use my strength,
combine me,
Although she is the woman who bullied me,
Seeking death, okay?
Go out first, I'm afraid of what happens next,
Come down, are you okay?
I'm fine, let's go,
That one is delicious
Children don’t want to see hurt like this
bloody gold
A child?
I just told me that I couldn’t sleep and I passed it
This kind-hearted man doesn’t want to
He won't be in trouble if he fights
you will be fine
I think of our conversation as
All recorded
If he is touching me
My wife is so smart that she can see
Then I’m going to double-line our voice.
I was multilingual now
Don't teach me anymore
If you don't come here again, you won't be able to teach me how to drive.
Then I drove past my husband
Why are you here?